[clang-tidy][readability-redundant-parentheses] add option to prevent widely used work around (#164827)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/clang-tidy/checks/readability/redundant-parentheses.rst

.. code-block:: c++

  int a = (1 * 2) + 3; // no warning

Options
-------

.. option:: AllowedDecls

  A semicolon-separated list of names of declarations included variables and

>   functions to ignore when the parenthese around it.

Reviewer: Imo, this way is easier to read.
```suggestion
  A semicolon-separated list of names of declarations to ignore when the
  parentheses are around. Declarations can include variables or functions.
```
